Add v2 documentation (#289)
episerver/content-js-sdk: docs/7-live-preview.md

Initialize the GraphClient with your credentials. These should be stored in your environment variables for security.

> [!TIP]

> > Alternatively, configure the client once in your root layout using `config()` and use `getClient()` throughout your application. See [Fetching Content](./5-fetching.md#why-use-getclient-instead-of-new-graphclient) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Alternatively, configure the client once in your app's entry point using `config()` and use `getClient()` throughout your application. See [Fetching Content](./5-fetching.md#why-use-getclient-instead-of-new-graphclient) for details.
```
